+++
title = ""
date = "2024-12-04T14:49:01+01:00"
draft = false
slug = "home"
keywords = ["wiki", "tech", "guides", "portfolio"]
categories = ["main"]
tags = ["home"]
+++

# Welcome → [Wiki Easy Access](wiki)

This site was originally made for building an easy wiki to store all solutions for my frequent problems.

Then I realized that I could make a single site to store **both** my essential wiki guide, and also about myself!

So this is the result of this evolution, starting from the GitHub wiki of a repository, to a primitive site hosted with Hugo (this one!)

My hope is to evolve this site, making it both a place to store my projects and also a guide for those who don't find their solution in other places.

{{< callout type="info" >}}
Disclaimer

This site **is not** autogenerated and **does not** use AI to write pages without thinking!
{{< /callout >}}

## About the site

This site was made using the amazing [Hextra](https://github.com/imfing/hextra) theme.

In the top right corner you can find the major categories of this site. For now only the [wiki](wiki) works, but the plan is to populate all the remaining fields with their respective content.

## Outro

If you find ads on this site and they annoy you, you are more than free to turn on any adblocker you may prefer! The only motivation of ads is to keep this site running, and I hope to have set everything right to have minimally invasive ones (Hopefully only anchor at the bottom of the screen that you can easily remove). If the ads are, or will be, too aggressive, **PLEASE** [let me know!](https://github.com/CodeClimberNT/HowTo/issues)
